Update git-lfs directions to reflect proposed Giftless server (#638)
lsst-dm/dm_dev_guide: git/git-lfs.rst

You will first need to acquire a token from Roundtable.  Go to
https://roundtable.lsst.cloud/auth/tokens and request a token with scope
``write:git-lfs``.  It would be best practice to request a token with
a finite lifetime, but on your own conscience be it if you ask for one
that never expires.

Copy that token, because this is the only time Gafaelfawr will show it
to you, and you will need it to push content.

next, add these lines into your :file:`~/.gitconfig` file:

.. code-block:: text

    # Cache auth for write access to DM Git LFS
    [credential "https://git-lfs-rw.lsst.cloud"]
        helper = store

Then edit your :file:`~/.git-credentials` file (create one, if
necessary).  Add a line:

.. code-block:: text

    https://<username>:<token>@git-lfs-rw.lsst.cloud

Where ``<username>`` is the username you used to authenticate to
Roundtable, and ``<token>`` is the token with ``write:git-lfs`` scope
you just acquired.

.. _git-lfs-auth:

Authenticating for push access
==============================

If you want to push LFS-backed files to a Rubin Observatory Git
LFS-backed repository you'll need to configure and cache your
credentials, as described at :ref:`git-lfs-rw`.

> Then for each repository you intend to push, you will need to clone that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For each repository you are planning to push to, there is a one-time setup you have to do when you _clone_ the repository. 
You will need to clone that
```

repository, ``cd`` into it, and update the git LFS url to use the
read-write URL for that repository, which will be
``https://git-lfs-rw.lsst.cloud/`` followed by the last two components
of the repository (that is, organization and repository name).

For instance, if you were working with
``https://github.com/lsst/testdata_subaru``, you'd just type:

.. code-block:: bash

    git config lfs.url https://git-lfs-rw.lsst.cloud/lsst/testdata_subaru
    git config lfs.locksverify false

> If you want to do this for several repositories inside a loop, or if you want something you can just paste from this page, you can parse the output of ``git ls-remote`` to accomplish the same goal:
> 
> .. code-block:: bash
> 
>     git config lfs.url git config lfs.url https://git-lfs-dev-rw.lsst.cloud/$(git ls-remote --get-url origin | sed -e "s|^origin$|$(git config --get user.name)/$(basename $(pwd))" -e 's/\.git$//' | rev | cut -d / -f 1-2 | cut -d : -f 1 | rev)
>     git config lfs.locksverify false

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
